✗ He is generally a good member of staff but his attitude sometimes lets him down.

✗ He has an inconsistent attitude that often negatively affects the team.

✗ He has a good working relationship with his team but there are some issues with other managers that need to be resolved.

✗ He is very composed but he displays a poor attitude that must be improved.

✗ He frequently takes breaks after meetings in which difficult decisions were announced.

✗ He appears uninterested and detached from his work lately as if he is no longer engaged in it.

✗ It is clear that he is not satisfied with his work. He should consider the impact his attitude is having on others.

✗ He frequently presents a superior attitude toward coworkers. His demeanor is rude and unfriendly.

✗ He displays a negative outlook at times which may be damaging to the team.

✗ He follows the appropriate schedule but he is often late returning from off-site activities which negatively impacts his coworkers.

✗ He is very punctual herself but he fails to ensure that his staff are also. He needs to manage this better.

✗ His punctuality is very poor and unacceptable. He is very rarely on time.

✗ If his attendance fails to improve within 90 days, his employment will be terminated under the company’s attendance policy.

✗ He is a capable and skilled worker; however he is let down by his abysmal punctuality which must be improved.

✗ He routinely falls behind in her daily meeting schedule which then impacts the schedules of others. She should address this immediately to remove the negative impacts on others.

✗ He is often tardy for work and despite repeated warnings, does not respect the attendance policy.

✗ He has had excellent attendance for most of the year but he has frequently been absent or late for work recently. His timekeeping needs to be return to its previous reliability.

✗ Despite good attendance overall, he frequently leaves early, or takes a half day of unscheduled time off on Friday during the summer. This provides a bad impression for his coworkers and employees.

✗ He does not meet the attendance standards for punctuality.

✗ He has exceeded the maximum number of vacation days allotted.

✗ He is frequently late.

✗ He does not return communications in a timely manner.

✗ He is often late for work and, despite frequent warnings, does not follow the attendance policy.

✗ He is frequently late to work in winter because he fails to account for weather and traffic in his daily commute.

✗ Although he is mostly reliable in following his schedule, there is the occasional issue. He should try to address this.

✗ He shows a lack of respect for coworkers who have finished their shifts through his tardiness.

✗ Management has noticed that he takes longer breaks than he is allotted.

✗ He does not meet current standards for punctuality and/or attendance.

✗ He needs to work on time management.

✗ He fails to respect the time of others.

✗ He utilizes time effectively.

✗ He needs to utilize the time he is given more effectively.

✗ He Is a reliable performer and maintains a good schedule.

✗ He is unreliable and often late for work.

✗ He is often late for the beginning of his work shift and consistently tardy returning from lunch.

✗ He is continually late for work. He must improve his attendance record in order to comply with company policy.

✗ He is continually late for work and should improve this area by focusing on arriving on time each day.

✗ He often takes extended lunches and does not make up the added time in his work schedule.

✗ He took several more personal days than permitted. He was frequently absent when needed.

✗ He frequently provides excuses for his late arrival times. He is unable to account for delays such as heavy traffic in his travel time.

✗ He does not arrive on time in the morning and then leaves at his normally scheduled exit time. He needs to improve his time keeping.