✓ He maintains a positive outlook and this is appreciated when making decisions in difficult situations.

✓ His most special quality is his positive attitude.

✓ His positive attitude and willingness to share his positive thoughts on any situation is highly appreciated.

✓ He actively encourages his coworkers. He creates an environment that empowers mutual trust.

✓ His attitude is always appropriate. He has a positive demeanor.

✓ He thrives under pressure and brings the team together.

✓ He has a likeable and humorous character that creates a positive atmosphere.

✓ He always accentuates the positives in any situation.

✓ He has a positive attitude that clearly demonstrates her enjoyment of what she does.

✓ He arrives promptly every day.

✓ His effective leadership allows his team’s time management and attendance to be among the best in the company.

✓ His team meets many challenges in scheduling yet he ensures adequate staffing levels at all times.

✓ His performance is always reliable and he follows his work schedule well.

✓ His schedule shows no issues and his good attendance is within the standard policy.

✓ He ensures that his staff comply with their scheduled breaks and lunchtimes.

✓ His attendance and punctuality is within company guidelines.

✓ He begins each day fully refreshed and prepared for any challenges.

✓ He has paid good attention to timekeeping this year and is consistently punctual.

✓ He ensures that meetings open and end on time.

✓ He plans his time off well in advance.

✓ He is punctual and consistently arrives at meetings on time.

✓ He arrives at meetings on time and well prepared.

✓ He attained perfect attendance over the time period.

✓ He adheres to company policy when scheduling time off.

✓ He completes work according to promised deadlines.

✓ He manages his schedule well. He fully completes all tasks assigned to him for the week.

✓ He strictly ensures his staff maintain proper timekeeping. He manages his staff well to ensure they perform their duties on schedule.

✓ His schedule shows no cause for concern. He is rarely absent and follows company policy.

✓ He is reliable and has good attendance.

✓ He has good attendance and is reliable.

✓ He arrives at work punctually and ready to begin and returns from breaks on time.

✓ He sets a standard by his perfect attendance.

✓ He is the ideal employee who arrives to work and leaves on time. He also takes his breaks as per his schedule.

✓ He arrives at work every day fully prepared to tackle his responsibilities.

✓ He is reliable and there are no concerns with his attendance.

✓ He always ensures that his employees adhere to their lunch schedules and breaks.

✓ His attendance and punctuality is within company guidelines.

✓ He consistently meets all/most deadlines.

✓ He is punctual for work and meetings.

✓ He always arrives to work prepared.